Space stations:

 - some screen common to all space stations (like a bar or something for missions maybe)
 - shops (different shops per station, maybe some have no shops at all!)
 - Dockyard buy or sell ships
 - repair button/bay
 
 guilds? 
  - several different guild options that offer quest chains
 
 map screen details:
	- planet shows resources, whether its inhabited, the amount of population, who is the owner, whats your realation with the factions/planet
	- what is the primary industry + maybe some indication of millitary & economic strength
	whenever the player visits the planet they can see for themselves prosperity, like ships driving around and stuff
	
	some kind of rumors about trade (platinum in short supply on istvaan 9)
	
	trade ships doing their own thing is cool
	individual traders but also trade companies
	maybe supply and demand sim

 asteroids enter and leave system, so limited amount of time for some larger ones 
 exploration - some undiscovered stuff out there
 
 
 ship insurance
 
 when you die:
	escape pod tiny ship?
	buy a new ship or transfer to friendly?
	
 piracy in high reward sectors, ambush tactics, hiding outside the map/in/under asteroids
 pirate havens / stations
 
 missions for the pirates and missions against pirates
 also smugglers who mostly avoid you and everyone
 
 mining:
	use the right kind of storage - gasses/liquids/solids, corrosive and/or requires cooling/explosive
	use the right harvester for the right asteroid, some need drills, some you can shoot at collect the bits
	haul an attached hulk/barge to store your goodies in
	make a space train
	heavy barges when full mean you have to leave some behind to collect later? they have a tracker ?
	combat barge? point defence turret etc/ pulse laser
	heavy shielded barges 
	haul a rented company barge - set a beacon for them to pick up but pirates might lock on too
	maintinence barge?
	refinery
	with ai crew etc there can be a morale component
	happy crew gives you bonuses
	low morale gives bad events/sabotage
	new crew might sabotage you if you have enemies
	you can invest in security
	space galley slaves
	indentured worker
	
	
  basic stuff
	limited fuel
	let ship drift to use less fuel
	asteroid crashes, they move when you shoot them so you have to circle
	components do componenty things
	weight in total but also other hull limitations like only so much weapon/engine/fuel/cargo space and mods it can support
	
	
  radar:
  different symbols for different things asteroid/ship/traders/ combat
  size shows size of contact
  sealth ships show as smaller than they are? you can stealth too
  add noise to minimap/rader?
  different views on the minimap for different specturms
  
  transpondere
	if you are in a civilised sector they want it on
	if you are near pirates best to have it offer, 50% salg køb nu
	
	